Add redirects, sitemaps, and limits topics (#944)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/setup/configuration/content-delivery-network.mdx

### URL rewrites

> Be aware that URLs in Edge Delivery Services may only contain a-z, 0-9, and the dash (`-`) character (see [Document naming restrictions](/setup/seo/platform-limits/#document-naming-and-url-format)). You may need to create a CDN rule to rewrite/remove these characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be aware that URLs in Edge Delivery Services can only contain a-z, 0-9, and the dash (`-`) character (see [Document naming restrictions](/setup/seo/platform-limits/#document-naming-and-url-format)). You might need to create a CDN rule to rewrite or remove these characters.
```
